[Docs] Add doc to customize shared component only in one view (#1966)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/uikit/custom-components.md

        ...
        Components.default.avatarView = BorderedAvatarView.self
        ...
    }
}
```

| Before  | After |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| ![Default Avatars](../assets/default-avatars.png)  | ![Bordered Avatars](../assets/bordered-avatars.png)  |

And that's it 🎉 as you can see all avatars across the UI are now with a border.

#### Change Avatar only in one view

In the previous example we saw that when we customized the avatar view, it changed every UI component that uses an avatar view. All the components in the `Components` config are shared components, but it is also possible to customize a shared component of a specific view only. Let's imagine that we want to apply the previous customization of a bordered avatar view, but only in the quoted reply view:

```swift
class CustomQuotedChatMessageView: QuotedChatMessageView {

    lazy var borderedAvatarView = BorderedAvatarView()

    override var authorAvatarView: ChatAvatarView {
        borderedAvatarView
    }
}
```
Then, set the custom component:
```swift
Components.default.quotedMessageView = CustomQuotedChatMessageView.self
```

> As you can see, we override the `authorAvatarView` property of the `QuotedChatMessageView` component and provide our custom bordered avatar view. It is important that the custom view is created lazily, to avoid creating multiple instances of the same view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, we override the `authorAvatarView` property of the `QuotedChatMessageView` component and provide our custom bordered avatar view. It is important that the overridden `authorAvatarView` is backed by the stored property to avoid creating multiple instances of the custom view each time `authorAvatarView` is invoked.
```

> As you can see, we override the `authorAvatarView` property of the `QuotedChatMessageView` component and provide our custom bordered avatar view. It is important that the custom view is created lazily, to avoid creating multiple instances of the same view.

Author: ```suggestion
As you can see, we override the `authorAvatarView` property of the `QuotedChatMessageView` component and provide our custom bordered avatar view. It is important that the overridden `authorAvatarView` is backed by a custom view which is created lazily, to avoid creating multiple instances of the same view when `authorAvatarView` is called.
```
